Docs - Improve SEO (#86)
iotaledger/chrysalis-docs: docs/libraries/client.md

---

> description: The wallet library is a stateful library for developers, recommended if using IOTA for token transfers. This library stateful design add support for handling and monitoring of multiple account/addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The wallet library is a stateful library for developers, recommended if using IOTA for token transfers. This library has a stateful design and adds support for handling and monitoring of multiple account/addresses.
```
